Specifications
==========
Version 1.0

https://github.com/jbtcsd

Sumary
==========
The goal of MasterDeck is to spread awareness of Bitcoin, Mastercoin, and Smart Properties as well as bring in a whole new generation of users. This project aims to empower artists and users by breaking down walls separating talent and innovation from corporate decision making.

Assumptions
==========
This project assumes that a digital playing card is a form of a smart property asset.

That these "digital assets" are really nothing more than original artwork tied to an array of values that are compared against other "similar assets" to determine a winner based on game specifications.

The asset data is stored on a MasterDeck server.

The token representing ownership of the card is traded and stored according to the MasterProtocol. The MasterDeck client will use a MasterCore api.

Publishing and Transfering of the asset is done using the project currency "MasterDeckCoin".

MasterDeckCoin will be created with an ICO.

Users will be able to create their own universe of "digital playing cards" with their own playing rules.

Users will be able to easily sell their own asset creations "digital playing cards".

Card attributes, values and rules can be nearly infinite in combination when creating a new realm.

All assets will be able to play in their own separate realms as well as against any other asset in the universe depending on pre-rules of game play. This will allow (user willing) any MasterDeck "card" to be used in the same game despite differences in card design and intent.

Updating the client to allow additional user suggested rules should be easy.

Funding
==========
Round 1 funding will consist of a crowdsource campaign on indigogo. These funds will be used for development of a proof of concept for the project.

Round 2 funding will be through the creation and selling of MasterDeckCoin. Funds will be used solely for project development and will be held by a trusted escrow. MasterDeckCoin will be exclusively used by MasterDeck for creation, publication, and transfer of user assets.

1-10% of coins will be kept for future development.

Business Model
==========
MasterDeck will be free to download and use.

The main profit stream will be generated by user creation/ publication, and transfer of assets as well as by selling ad revenue.

The secondary profit stream will be generated by creation/selling of officialy recognized and marketed MasterDeck cards, partnerships and promotions of popular card designs, hosting tournaments, and merchandising. 



User Interface
==========

Creating Cards
==========
It should be noted that creation is different from production; creation is free, publishing costs MasterDeckCoin.

Optional templates will be available to assist in the creation process.

Assigning values "powers and points" to cards needs to include some random elements and restrictions to prevent players from always trying to make the most powerful card.

Possible creation restrictions might include limiting the number of powers per card, randomizing the point values given to the cards, or allowing cards to increase in point value (become more powerful) as they are played more.

Publishing Cards
==========
Once a card is created, a publishing cost is needed for it to join the MasterDeck universe. This cost is to prevent spam.

A published card is stored on the MasterDeck server and is then ready to be played, or transfered.

A user who has published a card has the option of releasing "copies" of the original for the intent of selling or using in their own deck.

Using Cards
==========
Creating a game: 
This option will allow the user to set the game parameters, including but not limited to acceptable cards, game length, card setup, acceptable powers, actions in a turn, etc

Joining a game: 
This option allows users to join a game that has been setup.

Selecting your deck: 
This option allows the user to select cards to play from their cache of cards collected.

Transfering Cards
==========
A user may transfer or sell any card in their wallet by using the MasterProtocol as long as they know the recipients address. 

Selling Original Cards
==========
If the user is the original creator of the card then they may issue multiples of that card. This allows the user to be their own publisher.

Any copies that are made of an original card will always start at the same point and power value as the original at creation time. (it is possible that some cards have the option to become more powerful over time.) 

A user that has created, published, and made copies of several different cards will have the option of selling "packs" of cards. This will use a randomizer function to emulate card packs in real life.
